DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega Bakugan
Interspace the number of people accessing it from
around the world totally exploded!
DAN: Of course Drago and I are back in action, along
with our pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar;
and Shun who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
DAN: The flood of new Battlers means we're up
against some crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen before...
DAN: ...but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Dan, you need to take a break from battling.
DAN: Are you nuts?
Why would I ever give up battling?
SHUN: Come on...
SHUN: ...do I really have to explain the danger that
Drago's un-harnessed powers pose to everyone?
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [screams, terror]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [terrified screams]
SHUN: It's irresponsible to continue.
DAN: I know exactly what's at stake here!
Why do you think we've been practicing so much, huh?
SHUN: I know that Dan. It's just...
DAN: Spit it out Shun!
You don't trust us, that's totally it, isn't it?
SHUN: [angry grunt]
DAN: [angry grunt] Answer me!
SHUN: You're right. I don't trust you.
DAN: [gasp]
MARUCHO: What Shun's trying to say...
DAN: Don't try and cover for him, Marucho.
Shun was clear.
SHUN: It's not personal.
DAN: How could it not be?
MARUCHO: Dan, let go!
DAN: Back off, Marucho!
DAN: Aw now I get it man.
You agree with Shun here, don't you?
MARUCHO: I'm sorry, Dan but he does have a really good point.
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: [angry grunt] Fine then.
MARUCHO: Dan, wait!
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: Stop Shun!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in:
Tri-Twister Take Down.
MARUCHO: Oh man. This is really, bad.
I've never seen Dan so hurt and angry.
TRISTAR: What did you expect, huh?
TRISTAR: You and Shun are his best friends and
teammates and you totally turned your backs on him.
MARUCHO: Don't say things like that.
You know it's not true.
TRISTAR: Well, that's what he thinks.
MARUCHO: Shun wasn't trying to be mean.
He was right to ask Dan to take a break.
There have been way too many close calls with
Drago losing control of his powers.
We have to think of the safety of the audience
above all else.
TRISTAR: So how come you guys didn't explain that
part to Dan, then?
MARUCHO: Believe me we tried, but you know
yourself what a passionate battler Dan is.
MARUCHO: He eats, sleeps and breathes, Bakugan
brawling but unfortunately that sometimes causes him
to lose his perspective.
MARUCHO: So asking Dan not to battle is like asking a
fish not to swim.
It's against his nature.
TRISTAR: Then how can you ask him to be so untrue to himself?
There has to be a better way.
MARUCHO: If there is Tristar, I wish I knew
what it was, but I don't.
Oooooh this stinks. What are we going to do?
[\u266a]
DION: [grunt] I can't believe we lost again.
LUCAS: Man, I wonder what it's like to win in a battle.
DION: Huh? LUCAS: Whah?
[\u266a]
DION: Huh? What are these?
LUCAS: Whooooooa! DION: Aaaaaaahhhhhhh!
MAG MEL: With these gifts...
MAG MEL: I want you to battle.
MAG MEL: Bring me the power!
DION: Hmmmph.
[\u266a]
SHUN: Now what?
DAN: You don't trust us, that's totally it, isn't it?
TAYLEAN: You've got nothing to be sorry about.
You were right.
Why don't you try talking to Dan again?
Maybe he's cooled down.
SHUN: Maybe.
I suppose it couldn't hurt.
TAYLEAN: Great.
SHUN: [grunt]
[\u266a]
SHUN: What do you want Sellon?
SELLON: Have you reconsidered my offer?
SHUN: You're wasting your time.
SELLON: You look troubled.
Did you have another fight with your friend Dan?
SHUN: [angry grunt]
SELLON: Hmmmph.
SELLON: It's hard to be at odds with such a close
friend but Dan is the one who chose to run away.
Perhaps you should consider giving him the
space he's looking for.
SELLON: Let go of the guilt you're feeling immediately.
SHUN: I wish I could.
SELLON: It's a different kind of help that Dan
needs right now.
The best thing you can do is walk away.
Force him to work through his troubles on his own.
SELLON: It may sound cruel and unkind but I promise it isn't.
It's tough love.
SELLON: One day, Dan will thank you for giving him
this wonderful gift.
Trust me.
SHUN: Tough love.
[\u266a]
DION: Listen up, suckers! We're the Tri-Twisters!
LUCAS: Yeah, and we're about to turn Bakugan
Interspace upside down!
DION: We're gonna totally change the way battling is
done in here.
DION: And to show you what we're talking about we're
gonna start by taking on the tired old champs,
the Battle Brawlers.
DYLAN: I don't know who these kids are but
I really like their style.
[chuckle]
MARUCHO: Huh. The Tri-Twisters.
I don't think I've ever really heard of these guys before.
TRISTAR: I don't understand why they call
themselves the tri-twisters when there's
only two of them.
MARUCHO: Maybe they just really stink at math, or
maybe they just thought it sounded like a cool name
sort of like, I don't know, Tristar?
[giggle]
TRISTAR: That's totally different!
Tristar is a cool name!
MARUCHO: [sigh]
TAYLEAN: Do you know if Dan knows anything about
these guys?
MARUCHO: I don't know.
Maybe we should give him a quick call to find out.
SHUN: No way.
MARUCHO: Why not, Shun?
SHUN: You and I can handle this by ourselves.
MARUCHO: But won't Dan be upset?
SHUN: What Dan needs most is to focus on getting
control of Drago's powers.
A battle against these silly kids will only distract him.
MARUCHO: Huh?
SHUN: We have to keep the Brawlers' reputation
intact, so he'll have something to come back to.
MARUCHO: You're right. You and I, we can do this!
For our team! Let's go!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[\u266a]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Aw snap. There wasn't enough power that time.
DRAGO: [grunt] Sorry, Dan. My head wasn't in that one.
I'm still distracted by the argument earlier.
DAN: I know, I hear you buddy.
It's got me pretty worked up too.
I can't believe I'm saying this but, I think Shun
might have had a really good point back there.
This stinks!
DAN: Between these new Battlers...
DAN: ...and Zenthon.
DAN: I'm worried that we're letting our team
down by sitting these battles out and I really hate that.
DAN: We need to fix this.
DAN: So we can help out our team and get right
back into the action!
ANUBIAS: Well, well the cheese stands alone.
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: What do you want, Anubias?
ANUBIAS: Who would have thought, the mighty Dan
Kuso, sitting here like a sad, little, lost puppy.
ANUBIAS: What's wrong, pumpkin?
DAN: You're really pushing my buttons!
ANUBIAS: Don't worry about it, Dan.
Everybody goes through periods of fear and doubt.
The important thing is to push through it.
Otherwise, if you focus on it too much, you'll be
stuck in neutral forever.
DAN: He's just trying to get inside my head.
DAN: [angry grunt] Hey! Where you going?
ANUBIAS: Oh, didn't you hear Dan?
There's something interesting going on in Area A.
DAN: What do you mean?
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Welcome back, Battle fans.
We're about to watch Battle Brawlers Shun and
Marucho take on the new, but mighty smack talkers
Dion and Lucas, also known as the Tri- Twisters!
SOON: That's odd. I don't see Dan Kuso anywhere.
CHRIS: Awww, I was hoping to see these two take him down.
SELLON: Oh well.
[\u266a]
SHUN: It's time for us to take the lead, Taylean!
MARUCHO: Get ready for some heavy action, Tristar!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field Open!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Given the heated words
thrown down by today's challengers...
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: ...we felt it appropriate
that our battle environment be under the scorching sun.
DION: Battle Brawlers!
DION: Let's start with some one on one action.
LUCAS: That is, if you have the guts for it.
TRISTAR: Bring it! Tough guy!
TRISTAR: Hey, wait a minute!
SHUN: Tristar, I'm gonna go first.
DION: Gate Card, set! Yeah!
DION: Bakugan Brawl!
DION: Bakugan Stand!
DION: Rise Haos Cyclone Percival!
[\u266a]
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: Let's go Ventus Taylean!
TAYLEAN: [roar] I'm ready to throw down, all the way!
DION: Ability activate!
DION: Geas Fly!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Heavyweight Metal Blast!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
[\u266a]
DION: Ability activate!
DION: Rune Bowl!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaa!
TAYLEAN: So far you're nothing but a lot of talk.
LUCAS: Hmmmph!
LUCAS: Bakugan Brawl!
DION: Hmmmph!
LUCAS: Bakugan stand!
LUCAS: Rise Pyrus Percival!
SELLON: He lied.
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Weasel.
TRISTAR: What the heck happened to one-on-one?
MARUCHO: Well, I guess that's our cue.
DION: Gate Card, open!
DION: Field Lock!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
TRISTAR: Owwww! Hey!
MARUCHO: Whoa! What just happened?
DION: Weren't you paying attention?
I locked the field.
So no one else can enter it now.
TRISTAR: That was dirty punk!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Shooting Wind Dust Slash!
TAYLEAN: Haaaah!
TAYLEAN: I'll take you both down, myself!
DION: Ability activate! LUCAS: Ability activate!
LUCAS: Geas Fly!
DION: Rune Bowl!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, exertion]
SHUN: Nice one!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph!
TAYLEAN: Haaaah!
DION: Let's dance, Taylean. Hmmph!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain]
DAN: Taylean!
DRAGO: Why did he fall like that?
SHUN: What happened Taylean?
TAYLEAN: I don't know. It felt like something hit me.
DION: Hmmmph!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain]
TAYLEAN: Oooooomph!
TAYLEAN: Argh. That one hurt.
SHUN: What are you doing Dion?
DION: It's a secret buddy!
DION: Ability activate!
DION: Spack Plunus!
LUCAS: Ability activate!
LUCAS: Fire Detonation!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Truth Core, Battle Bastion!
DION: That's useless. Ability Activate! Stone Blade!
SHUN: What the?
TAYLEAN: [grunt, exertion]
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph!
TAYLEAN: They're really trying my patience.
SHUN: Aw no.
DAN: Come on...
SHUN: Gate Card, set!
[grunt]
LUCAS/DION/MARUCHO/SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
LUCAS/DION/MARUCHO/SHUN: Bakugan Stand!
SHUN: Go Ventus Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Time to send these brats to their room!
LUCAS: Rise Pyrus Percival!
MARUCHO: Come on, Aquos Tristar!
TRISTAR: Just try to keep us out now!
DION: Rise Haos Cyclone Percival!
[\u266a]
TRISTAR: Alright Marucho! Let's hit these clowns real hard!
MARUCHO: I hear what you're saying Tristar, but
we need to figure out what that invisible attack was
earlier, just to be safe.
SHUN: Taylean, be careful.
TAYLEAN: Don't worry. They just got lucky last time.
TAYLEAN: Hmmmph!
MARUCHO: Consecutive Ability, activate!
MARUCHO: Abyss Cyclone!
TRISTAR: Haaaah!
MARUCHO: Fear Stream! [grunt]
TRISTAR: Oh yeah!
LUCAS: Ability activate!
LUCAS: Fake Shield!
TRISTAR: Now that's what I call a thrashing, man!
MARUCHO: Nice one, Tristar!
Now let's help, Shun out!
[giggle]
TRISTAR: You got it!
LUCAS: Say goodbye sucker!
TRISTAR: Aaaaarrrrrggggghhh!
MARUCHO: Tristar, no!
TRISTAR: Whoooooa! Oooomph! My spleen!
MARUCHO: Whooooa! Owww!
DAN: Marucho!
SOON: A trick attack followed by a fake attack
is a sound strategy.
SELLON: But not very elegant.
ANUBIAS: What a total cheap shot!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
DION: Hmmph!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain]
TAYLEAN: Aaaaaarrrrggggghhh!
TAYLEAN: [grunt]
DION: Ability activate! Zaltosis!
SHUN: Watch out!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph! [grunt, pain]
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain]
TAYLEAN: Hold on Tristar!
TRISTAR: Everything feels numb!
DAN: Why did they battle without us?
SHUN: Dan, you need to take a break from battling.
DAN: Hmmm?
[frustrated grunt]
MARUCHO: Taylean! Tristar!
MARUCHO: Hey! What's going on, Shun?
It's like they were attacked by an invisible enemy.
SHUN: That's it! Gate Card open!
SHUN: Enemy Resetter!
TRISTAR: So I guess there is a third member of the tri!
DION: [chuckle] Took you long enough!
DION: The ability, Zaltosis can be used by
any Percival Bakugan...
DION: ...It allows us to make any other Percival
invisible which then of course...
DION: ...allows us to launch a phantom attack...
DION: ...just like I did with Darkus Cyclone
Percival this round.
DION: Thanks for being dumb enough to fall right
into my trap, Brawlers.
[grunt]
SHUN: You can't !
LUCAS: Can't what?
We told you we're playing by our rules now!
DION: You better wise up real quick.
Ability activate!
DION: Depth Cry!
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain] TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain]
TAYLEAN: Aaaaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
TRISTAR: Aaaaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
DAN: [angry grunt]
DAN: I can't take much more of this sitting around stuff.
DRAGO: Dan! Shouldn't we jump in?
[\u266a]
DION: This is how the Tri-Twisters roll.
Do you hear me Brawlers?
LUCAS: Get used to it!
SELLON: Unacceptable!
LUCAS: Hmmm? DION: Hmmm?
SELLON: [grunt]
[cheering]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Sellon! Sellon! Sellon!
SELLON: Bakugan Brawl!
SELLON: Bakugan stand!
SELLON: Rise Haos Krowll!
SELLON: Your strategies are dishonest.
And your tactics cowardly.
DION: Huh? Say what?
SELLON: You have no honour and you do not
deserve to battle here!
DION: Hah! Maybe it's time we teach you about
the Tri-Twister rules too!
DION: Ability activate!
DION: Depth Cry!
[\u266a]
SELLON: Ability activate! Battle Sines!
DION: Oh man!
LUCAS: Depth Cry just disappeared.
SELLON: Battle Sines is a sacred wave that negates
all other abilities.
[\u266a]
LUCAS: Huh? What is that?
DION: What is that?
ANUBIAS: Hey!
ANUBIAS: Who do you think you are?
Coming in here, setting down new rules?
It just doesn't work that way my friends.
LUCAS: [gasp] DION: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: I think it's time you two clowns were
taught a real lesson.
LUCAS: Hey! Hold on a second!
DION: You can't just interrupt us like this!
ANUBIAS: According to my rules, I can.
ANUBIAS: Ability activate. Tribal Crusher!
[\u266a]
LUCAS: Ohhh noooooo! DION: Ohhh noooooo!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: Sellon! Anubias! Sellon! Anubias!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: This battle will be
ruled no contest!
I repeat...
...this battle will be ruled no contest!
DYLAN: No contest?
I'd say more like no holds barred.
That was pretty intense battle action.
ANUBIAS: Everybody goes through...
ANUBIAS: ...periods of fear and doubt...
The important thing is to push through it.
Otherwise, if you focus on it too much, you'll be
stuck in neutral forever.
DAN: I can't let him get inside my head!
DRAGO: If we don't figure this out soon,
we're in real trouble, that's for sure.
DAN: [angry grunt]
DAN: I know.
MAG MEL: Despite their loss, that was a most
impressive debut for my Chaos Bakugan and their battlers.
MAG MEL: It won't be long before I have all of the
dark energy that I require to become the supreme ruler!
And then all will fall at my feet!
MAG MEL: [maniacal laughter]
DAN: I gotta say things have been at an all time low lately.
Ever since Drago inherited his new powers there's
been a huge rift between me and the other Brawlers.
They don't want me to battle to protect the
safety of the audience, but the longer I stay
away, the more support I lose from my fan base,
and the more popular creeps like Team Anubias
and Team Sellon get.
DAN: It feels like I'm in a no win situation here
and I really don't know what to do.
DAN: Tune in next time to see the craziness I'm dealing with.
Maybe you'll have some advice for me.
DAN: Anything would help, 'cos it feels like
I'm losing my mind!
[\u266a]